Good morning, family.
Praise the Lord!
Thank you for joining me today.
I got a text message from Sister Billy Brim, and she had somebody reach out to her from Australia who is pretty well known.
This person had a dream, and in the dream, she told Billy that the dream was about Trump.
Trump was at some kind of rally at a hockey rink, and he was fatally shot from the audience, and it was live on TV.
She didn't know that he was going to do this rally in the next couple of days in Washington, so she looked up to see if he was doing anything, basically trying to figure out anything she could about the dream she had.
She found out that the rally he's going to have on the 19th is at a hockey and basketball stadium.
It's very alarming when another fellow watchman is seeing another warning, warning the people to pray that there is going to be an attempt on President Trump's life on the 19th, which is what they're thinking.
Sister Billy asked me to have you all pray and intercede for President Trump for protection for his wife, for his kids, all of it.
The enemy knows, folks, what's about to happen.
He knows that his days are numbered, and he is trying to throw his last and final blows as much as he can to kill, steal, and destroy, trying to derail God's plan for this earth for one last call.
I'm telling you all, Trump plays a big part in what's about to take place, and the enemy knows it.
He knows; he's heard all the prophetic words.
He knows what's being said in the spirit realm, so if he can try to derail that, he thinks he's winning.
But we know we have power and authority over the devil, and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
But we have to take our authority; we have to take our seat and our place, and we have to do it daily.
We're seated with Him in the heavenlies, far above all principalities and powers and might according to Ephesians.
Read the book of Ephesians over and over until it becomes real to you.
It's my favorite book, that and Hebrews.
I love Hebrews.
I love the books that just stir you up, and I would encourage you all to read Ephesians.
I take it very seriously when Sister Billy would ask for something like this because she's never done this before, and so I trust her discernment.
I trust the way she prays; she has imparted so much.
I'm telling you all, if she's taking it seriously, we need to take it seriously.
This is something that has really stirred in her to call and say, 'Hey, listen, we need to have a prayer army over this.
' So I really want you all to take this time right now.
We're going to pray for President Trump.
We're going to pray for any kind of assassination attempt again to be uncovered, to be brought to light, and that no weapon formed against him will prosper.
A thousand shall fall at his side, and ten thousand at his right hand, but nothing shall come nigh him.
We say a thousand bullets can fall over here and ten thousand at this right here, but nothing will touch him in the name of Jesus.
Just like before in Pennsylvania, it scratched his ear, but nothing touched him.
It didn't take him out; it didn't hurt him.
He had a scratch, but you know what?
It could have been a lot worse, of course, as we all know.
But this time, nothing is going to happen.
Do you see?
Because now we're going to bring up a prayer army, and this is what we're called to do.
This is why this channel exists.
It's for calls like this to come on here and bring up the troops and say, 'Listen, guys, let's pray.
Listen, ladies and gentlemen, let's pray.
' Let's operate like that mighty moving force.
Father, we just lift up President Trump before You right now.
We come against the satanic attack that we've heard about.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that You said in Your word that a thousand shall fall at his side and ten thousand at his right hand, but nothing shall come nigh him.
I put angels around him right now.
Even before he even thinks about going to this, they're already there.
They're making the way, they're exposing darkness, they're exposing any kind of hidden guns, they're exposing any kind of hidden bombs, they're exposing any kind of attempt or plot or plan of the wicked.
I thank You, Father, that You said in Your word that we have authority over the devil.
We take our authority right now in the name of Jesus, and we thank You, Father, that we are not going to see any bad thing, any harm, or nothing come nigh him.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we rise up and we take our authority right now.
We say we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but those devils that are operating in these individuals to try to harm, kill, steal, and destroy.
We take authority over those demonic spirits and we say, 'Thus far and no further in the name of Jesus.
' We thank You, Lord, that You have called President Trump for such a time as this.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that he will finish his race and he will live long and finish strong.
His wife, his children, and his grandchildren are covered by the blood.
I thank You, Lord, that Your angels are watching over them.
Your secret service angels, Lord, Your special ones are sent to protect us in these days.
Father, I know I've seen the reserves—Your army angel reserves—and they're coming on the earth.
I thank You, Lord, that they're here now and they are watching over us.
Just like Big George—I call him Big George; people say, 'Why you call an angel Big George?
' Because I didn't know his name, so I just named him myself.
My angel's name is Big George, and I've seen him many times.
He is a massive angel, and I say, 'Hey, I'm going to call you Big George,' because he never told me his name.
It doesn't matter; it's my thing.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for the angels like Big George, that they have their swords and their shields ready and they are ready to pounce and defeat any demonic spirit that tries to come nigh us inside a human or not.
I thank You, Lord, that Your angels are keeping charge over our President and over our families, that we're always in the right place at the right time.
We're always in the right place at the right time, in the right position at the right time.
Even when we don't realize it, we are filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit.
Donald Trump is filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit in the name of Jesus.
So we pray over that coliseum and we say where he's going is protected with the blood of Jesus.
Even during the inauguration when he's being sworn in, all around the capital, protection from any kind of blast or any kind of calamity of any kind.
The angels of the Lord are camped around and about him in the name of Jesus.
We thank You, Lord, for Your angelic visitations and manifestations, and we believe, Father, that You are going to do this for such a time as this.
It's time, Father, and that the financial outpouring will come on Your bride one last time.
A major push, a major harvest of souls with the anointing of the Holy Spirit like we've never seen it before, Father, for people who have been called for such a time as this, raising up a new generation of Davids, Father.
That we would be what You've called us to be with great victory we will see in these last days.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we have wisdom on how to get a bigger net to bring in a bigger harvest.
We believe, Father, that this is the time that You've called us to think bigger—thinking bigger and not so small about just us and our little families and our little church.
No, bigger!
We're going to think bigger than anything we can comprehend in Jesus' name.
We believe, Father; we receive this, Father.
I thank You, Lord, for every single person who is on this video right now and watching.
I plead the blood of Jesus over them, Father.
I thank You that You bless them and You keep them.
I thank You that Your face smiles upon them and You give them peace today.
I thank You, Father, that You anointed them for wealth.
Their marriages are good, their children are healthy, and their children are not filled with demons.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that they're delivered from every satanic or demonic force.
I thank You, Lord, that they would know where to live in these last days, that they would be placed in the right place at the right time, that they will live where You've called them to live without fear, not tormented by any kind of bad thoughts.
They take captive their thoughts and they bring them into submission of the word, and they say, 'I refuse to fear.
I refuse to let this torment bother me.
I am bigger than this because perfect love casteth out all fear and God is love, and God dwells in me and I dwell with God.
' I thank You, Father, for Your holy written word, that we get it down inside of us, that we're rooted and grounded in love.
We hide Your word inside of us that we might not sin against You.
I believe, Father, that word is a lamp to my feet and a light unto my path.
I believe it, Father.
I believe it, and we receive it in Jesus' name.
Father, we give You all the glory, honor, and praise, and we thank You, Lord, that we have the victory.
Everything will be all right.
Let's raise our praise, like Pastor Chip was saying.
Let's raise our praise in 2025.
Raise your praise!
Expect God to move and do something big in your life, folks.
Father, we call them healed and whole and well from the top of their heads to the soles of their feet.
I thank You, Father, the fire of the Holy Spirit dwells in them and drives out all sickness, all disease, all impurities, all things that are bondage.
That Your word, Your anointing is the burden-removing, yoke-destroying power, and they're delivered from even satanic bondage in the name of Jesus.
Off their mind, that they have the mind of Christ according to Second Timothy 1:7: God has not given them a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a well-balanced mind.
Amen and amen.
Well, I appreciate you all praying with me.
We believe that President Trump is protected now.
We don't have to be yelling at the devil.
The Lord showed me one day—I was yelling at the devil a lot—and He said, 'Brandon, yelling does not mean authority.
' He said, 'A whisper means more authority than a yell.
' He said, 'You don't have to be screaming at the devil all the time, Brandon.
' He said a king, somebody who is ruling over an area, never has to raise his voice when he's talking to somebody.
He just says something quiet.
'Off with his head.
' It doesn't mean nothing—just very quiet.
The authority is behind his position and his rest.
Speaking softly—he could whisper it and they would have to listen.
But even if he whispered it, just being in that place of authority of who he is as king, he just whispers it and instantaneously it happens.
What he says out of his mouth instantaneously will happen.
And that's what it is with the Lord and you.
Instantaneously we speak.
We don't have to yell.
We have Jesus on the inside of us.
Satan, get out of here now in the name of Jesus.
I call angels to protect Trump and I am just confident enough that God is going to do what He said He would do.
He's going to watch over him.
I have confidence to know—it's like I told Diana; we talk about it all the time.
I know more just—if He doesn't say it more than what He does say because I know He's going to talk to me about so much stuff all the time.
If He didn't warn me that that was coming, I look at more of what He doesn't say than what He does say.
I'm not worried about it; the Lord didn't warn me about that.
But He's going to warn me.
I just have that much trust in Him.
I'm confidently trusting in the finished work of Jesus Christ.
I'm confidently trusting that He is going to speak to me and tell me what's coming.
He's not going to let me be caught off guard.
Tell me ahead of time.
I'm just going to be that in sync with Him.
Being vertical with Him, I'm going to hear His voice, and a stranger's voice I will not follow.
Well, praise the Lord!
Thank you all for joining me today.
I appreciate every single one of you.
Please like the video if you haven't already.
Subscribe if you haven't subscribed, click the notification bell.
Remember all our other channels.
We have a China channel, we have South Korea—so many.
I think we have 11 of them now.
But they made us take down the Arabic channel.
YouTube did not like the Arabic channel; they did not want me talking to the Muslims, so they said no.
They gave me an email and they said, 'We're not going to allow you to do this.
' I don't understand that, but okay, it's their platform, so we honor what they say.
Well, thank you all for joining me today.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song on your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you, and we will see you again soon.
Y'all have a blessed day.
Bye-bye.